Rimmer's out of Washington that there is
a real possibility of another war with
Britain
do you you Bradley take Martha hunter to
be your lawfully wedded wife you I'm
begging you not to go
get lost your mind can I guess was just
supposed to be moving off into the world
and this is well get heard about all
that free land they supposed to give it
away don't forget this is a white man's
war I can promise when it's over ain't
nobody gonna be coming round here to
give a common man and it lasts Master
you doing what he doing for the good
folk of Tennessee white and color and he
didn't ask me I insisted by God when you
are given orders you will follow them
Andrew Jackson's calls will be more than
land and can have you ever heard of
Natchez if I remember correctly sits
right on the Mississippi River we're
heading a lot further south west and I
thought we ever would
all right fellas
on my mark let's give him half
you